c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\TwitterApp.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\TwitterApp.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\LinqToTwitter.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\obj\Debug\TwitterApp.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\obj\Debug\TwitterApp.pdb
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TwitterApp\TwitterApp\obj\Debug\TwitterApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\TwitterApp.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\TwitterApp.pdb
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\LinqToTwitter.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\obj\Debug\TwitterApp.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularJsTwitterApp\TwitterApp\obj\Debug\TwitterApp.pdb
